1. Artificial Intelligence (AI) PURPOSE: The primary goal of Artificial Intelligence is to simulate human-like intelligence in machines, empowering them to carry out complex tasks and decision-making processes autonomously. USAGE: In both education and IT, AI is driving significant improvements in efficiency, personalization, and scalability. In education, We’re still learning how AI technologies will integrate into the education sector as they develop, and we don’t yet have a full picture of how AI will affect critical issues of ethics, equity and data safety. In IT, AI improves cybersecurity, optimizes operations, and assists in software development and customer support. EXAMPLE: Grammarly: Utilizes AI to analyze and provide feedback on writing, including grammar, style, and tone. It helps the users improve their writing skills by offering real-time corrections and suggestions. 2.Virtual Reality (VR) PURPOSE: The goal of virtual reality technology is to create an immersive experience that can be used to explore an environment that helps to educate or entertain the end user. USAGE: In education, VR is transforming learning by providing enhancing engagement, and offering practical training opportunities. It helps students explore new environments, understand complex concepts, and develop skills in a controlled and interactive manner. In IT, VR aids in design and development, software testing, and customer support. EXAMPLE: Google Expeditions: This VR platform allows teachers to take students on virtual field trips to locations such as the Great Wall of China or the surface of Mars. 3. Blockchain PURPOSE: The primary purpose of the blockchain is to create a digital database that allows information to be recorded and distributed but not changed in any way. USAGE: Blockchain technology is making significant impacts in 
both education and IT by providing enhanced security, transparency, and efficiency. 

EXAMPLE:
Banking. In the banking sector, the blockchain allows economic transactions 
to be carried out securely and quickly in the face of possible fraud and manipulation due to the use of coding and encryption. 

4. 5G Technology
PURPOSE:
5G benefits applications such as factory automation, video surveillance and connected vehicles due to its lower latency, 
high speeds and support for numerous connected devices compared with 4G networks.

USAGE:
5G technology is revolutionizing both education and IT by providing enhanced connectivity, faster data speeds, and lower latency. 

EXAMPLE:
Hospitals, doctors, and the healthcare industry as a whole already benefit from the speed and reliability of 5G networks every day. 
One example is the area of remote surgery that uses robotics and a high-definition live stream 
that is connected to the internet via a 5G network.

5. Drones

PURPOSE:
UAVs are used for drone journalism, search and rescue, disaster response, asset protection, wildlife monitoring, 
firefighting, communications relay, healthcare and agriculture.

USAGE:
Drones are revolutionizing both education and IT by providing innovative solutions and enhancing various processes. 
In education, drones are used for environmental monitoring, historical exploration, media studies.
In IT, drones improve infrastructure inspection, data collection, security, delivery logistics, and research and development. 

EXAMPLE:
Drones are used in a wide range of applications and industries including agriculture, 
military, photography and videography, delivery services, and search recuse operations.